International payments
Bank transaction integration

checkout: yodlee (payments api)
international payments api: ripple


Questions:

What fields does an invoice have? (see mockups)
What fields does a vendor have? (see mockups)
What fields does an invoice item have? (see mockups)
What fields does a bill have?
Can invoice items have negative values?

Is a duedate a date with time? or just date? (datetime)
Are amounts strictly in USD? Strictly in some currency? or can people mix and
match for the same account? (no)

How are accounts related to the region that they're based in? (ideally: multiple
uses per account, personal account vs business account [like dropbox], multiple
companies under same account)

Tax report section is for 1099s

Are bills actually uploaded? (yes, one way)
Incoming emails picked up and entered as a bill

Does it matter what format the bill is in? (either anything goes, or limited to
.doc, .pdf, .jpg)
What is a term relative to a vendor?
Can a vendor login? if so what can a vendor do that another user can't do?
When creating a vendor can the user search for existing users?
When paying a bill what does codepaying do? Does the payment happen outside of
codepaying?
What fields should the bills list be sorted by?
What are the options for reminders? How will people set reminders?
one week? one month? one day?
What does process bills mean?
Does codepaying import bills or inovices from other systems?
How do people login? (username / password or facebook or gmail?)
Do all users have the same level of permissions?
How many users do you anticipate? How fast do you think it will grow?


Stories:
As a user, I can see a list of my bills
As a user, I can sort the list of bills by (need sortable fields)
As a user, I can filter the list of my bills using search
As a user, I can export my bills to excel (need format here)
As a user, I can export my bills to pdf
As a user, I can chat with support staff
As a user, I can see payment reports
As a user, I can see accounting reports
As a user, I can see tax reports
As a user, I can see a list of vendors
As a user, I can sort the list of vendors by (need sortable fields)

Todo:
setup dns (we need to point this to heroku)
setup heroku (if you already have one you can add me as a collaborator)
setup landing page?







Epic: User can login
Stories:
As a user, I can login using username and password
As a user, I can login using gmail / facebook
